1)
Well computers can be a good or a bad thing. I don'@CAPS1 realy see computers can be a bad thing for me. I also know computers can or will help people all around the world. I think computers has positive effects on people like me. Computers teaches hand-eye coordination. It can help if you need to find out reasearch for a school project. You can create lots of things on computers like music, desiner logos, banners and lots of other creative things. With computer you can look up available homes and apartments. You can even go online and fill out a job application and save trips to stores cool is that!! Well im a regular person not rich not famous but computers provide lot of information people use today. Thats why I think that computers has a positive effects on people and you don'@CAPS1 have to be super smart to use one.
score: 4

2)
Dear The computer blinked to life and an image of a blonde haired girl filled the screen. It was easy to find out how life was in thanks to the actual girl explaining it. Going to the library wouldn't have filled one with this priceless information and human interection. Computers are a nessessity of life if soceity wishes to grow and expand. They should be supported because they teach hand eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places, and allow people to talk to others online. Firstly, computers help teach hand eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is a useful ability that is usod to excel in sports. In a recent survey, of kids felt their hand eye coordination improves after computer use. Even a simple thing like tying can build up this skill. Famous neurologist stated in an article last week that, "@CAPS3 and computer strength the When on the computer, you automatically process what the eyes see into a command for your hands." hand eye coordination can improve people in sports such as baseball and basketball. If someone wan't to become better in these sports, all they'd need to do was turn on the computer. Once people become better at sports, they're more likely to play them and become more healthy. In reality, computers can help with exercising instead of decreasing it. Additionaly, computers allow people to access information about faraway places and people. If someone wanted to reasearch all they'd need to do was type in a search would be presented to them in it would link forever to search through countless things. Also, having the ability to learn about cultures can make peole peole and their cultures, they understand others something. Increase tolerance people are. Computers are a resourceful tool that they can help people in every different aspect of life. Lastly, computer and in technology can allow people to chat. Computer chat and video chat can help the all different nations. Bring on good terms places other than can help us understand story comes out about something that happend in people can just go on their computer and ask an actual citizen their take on the matter. Also, video chat and online conversation can cut down on expensive phone bills. No one wants to pay more than they have to in this economy. Another good point is that you can acess family members you scaresly visit. It can help you connect within your own family more. Oviously, computers are a useful aid in todays era. their advancements push the world foreward to a better place. Computers can help people because they help teach handeye coordination, give people the bility to learn about faraway places and people, and allow people to talk online with others. Think of a world with no computers or technologicall advancements. The world would be sectored and unified, contact between people scare, and information even. The internet is like thousands or librarys put together. Nobody would know much about other nations and news would travel slower. Is that the kind of palce you want people to live in?

score:7

3)
Dear local newspaper, I think effects computers have on people are great learning skills/affects because they give us time to chat with friends/new people, helps us learn about the globe(astronomy) and keeps us out of troble! Thing about! Dont you think so? How would you feel if your teenager is always on the phone with friends! Do you ever time to chat with your friends or buisness partner about things. Well now - there's a new way to chat the computer, theirs plenty of sites on the internet to do so: facebook, myspace ect. Just think now while your setting up meeting with your boss on the computer, your teenager is having fun on the phone not rushing to get off cause you want to use it. How did you learn about other countrys/states outside of yours? Well I have by computer/internet, it's a new way to learn about what going on in our time! You might think your child spends a lot of time on the computer, but ask them so question about the economy, sea floor spreading or even about the you'll be surprise at how much he/she knows. Believe it or not the computer is much interesting then in class all day reading out of books. If your child is home on your computer or at a local library, it's better than being out with friends being fresh, or being perpressured to doing something they know isnt right. You might not know where your child is, forbidde in a hospital bed because of a drive-by. Rather than your child on the computer learning, chatting or just playing games, safe and sound in your home or community place. Now I hope you have reached a point to understand and agree with me, because computers can have great effects on you or child because it gives us time to chat with friends/new people, helps us learn about the globe and believe or not keeps us out of troble. Thank you for listening.

score:6

4)
I not agreed the people shuld d in the computer a lot and I going to said way. My first reason is because if you are a old man or your not going to d wit your kids and you going to have eyes problem so thas way you shuld in d in the computer a lot. My secon reason is the you going to have problem wit your wife if she found out the you are talking to another woman online because a lot of people they wife found out the they cant d wit other woman. My teard reason is the if you are a kid like me you not going to have fun and you not going to have friends because the computer problem came and go and not going to d wit your family and you lil sister out said playing wit her. So thas why you shulding d a lot in the computer.

score:2
